update cni documentation for MKE 4.1 (#349)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/concepts/cni.md

The `network` section of the MKE configuration file renders as follows:

```yaml
 network:
    cplb:
      disabled: true
    kubeProxy:
      iptables:
        minSyncPeriod: 0s
        syncPeriod: 0s
      ipvs:
        minSyncPeriod: 0s
        syncPeriod: 0s
        tcpFinTimeout: 0s
        tcpTimeout: 0s
        udpTimeout: 0s
      metricsBindAddress: 0.0.0.0:10249
      mode: iptables
      nftables:
        minSyncPeriod: 0s
        syncPeriod: 0s
    multus:
      enabled: false
    nllb:
      disabled: true
    nodePortRange: 32768-35535
    serviceCIDR: 10.96.0.0/16
    providers:
    - enabled: true
      extraConfig:
        cidrV4: 192.168.0.0/16
        linuxDataplane: Iptables
        loglevel: Info
      provider: calico
    - enabled: false
      provider: custom
    - enabled: false
      extraConfig:
        cidrV4: 192.168.0.0/16
        v: "5"
      provider: kuberouter
```

> ## Network configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKE 4 administrators use Tigera Operator to configure the networking for their
Kubernetes cluster. The networking is configured using a YAML file that
administrators apply to their cluster using the `mkectl apply` command

{{< callout type="info" >}}
Previously, CNI cofiguration for bootstrapping or post-bootstrapping was
performed using MKE. Now, however, MKE CNI configuration is only applicable for
bootstrapping the cluster, with all necessary subsequent CNI configuration
changes taking place through direct interaction with Tigera Operator.
{{< /callout >}}

The following table includes details on all of the configurable `network`
fields.
```

        syncPeriod: 0s
        tcpFinTimeout: 0s
        tcpTimeout: 0s
        udpTimeout: 0s
      metricsBindAddress: 0.0.0.0:10249
      mode: iptables
      nftables:
        minSyncPeriod: 0s
        syncPeriod: 0s
    multus:
      enabled: false
    nllb:
      disabled: true
    nodePortRange: 32768-35535
    serviceCIDR: 10.96.0.0/16
    providers:
    - enabled: true
      extraConfig:
        loglevel: Info
        values.yaml: |-
          kubeletVolumePluginPath: /var/lib/k0s/kubelet
          installation:
            logging:
              cni:
                logSeverity: Debug
            cni:
              type: Calico
            calicoNetwork:
              linuxDataplane: Iptables
              ipPools:
              - cidr: 192.168.0.0/15
                encapsulation: VXLAN
          resources:
            requests:
              cpu: 250m
          defaultFelixConfiguration:
            enabled: true
            wireguardEnabled: false
            wireguardEnabledV6: false
      provider: calico
    - enabled: false
      provider: custom
    - enabled: false
      extraConfig:
        cidrV4: 192.168.0.0/16
        v: "5"
      provider: kuberouter
```

> [^0]: The choice of whether to specify exact yaml spec for Helm installation of tigera-operator must be made while initially installing the cluster
> [^1]: MKE4 installation will fail if the supplied yaml for values.yaml does not include the exact first line `kubeletVolumePluginPath: /var/lib/k0s/kubelet`
> [^2]  The full values.yaml spec for the Helm chart used to install tigera-operator can be seen in https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/blob/master/charts/tigera-operator/values.yaml. Refer to 
>       Calico OSS documentation for tigera-operator to prepare the required contents in values.yaml. MKE4 does not mangle the yaml provided in values.yaml before passing it to the Helm installer
> [^3]: Refer to https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.Installation for installation contents in values.yaml
> [^4]: Refer to https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/reference/resources/felixconfig for defaultFelixConfiguration contents in values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout type="important" >}}

- You must choose whether to specify an exact YAML specification for the Helm installation of Tigera Operator during the initial cluster installation.
- The supplied yaml for `values.yaml` must include the exact first line `kubeletVolumePluginPath: /var/lib/k0s/kubelet`, otherwise the MKE 4 installation will fail.

{< /callout >}}

{{< callout type="info" >}} Refer to the official Tigera Operator documentation
for:

- [Information on how to prepare the required content for the `values.yaml` specification](https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/getting-started/kubernetes/windows-calico/operator)
- The [`values.yaml` information content](https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.Installation)
- The [`defaultFelixConfiguration` content for the `values.yaml` specification(https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/reference/resources/felixconfig)

You can  view the full `values.yaml` specification for the Helm chart needed to install Tigera Operator at the [Project Calico GitHub](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/blob/master/charts/tigera-operator/values.yaml).

{{< /callout >}}
```

> [^5]: The network configuration generated after migrating an existing MKE3 cluster will always use yaml. However because such cluster have at least one existing ip pool, the cidr and dataplane 
>       values will be specified outside of the yaml as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network configuration generated as a result of upgrading to MKE 4 from an existing MKE 3 cluster always uses yaml. As such clusters have at least one existing IP pool, however, the CIDR and dataplane values are specified outside of the yaml, as illustrated below:
```

- MKE4 does not support Calico Enterprise. 
- Only clusters that use the default Kubernetes proxier `iptables` can be upgraded from MKE3 to MKE4.

> - Only KDD-backed MKE3 clusters can be upgraded to MKE4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only KDD-backed MKE 3 clusters can be upgraded to MKE 4.
```

- MKE4 does not support Calico Enterprise. 
- Only clusters that use the default Kubernetes proxier `iptables` can be upgraded from MKE3 to MKE4.

> - Only KDD-backed MKE 3 clusters can be upgraded to MKE 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only KDD-backed MKE 3 clusters can be upgraded to MKE 4. Refer to [Migrate from MKE 3.x](../migrate-from-MKE-3) for more information.
```
